Search by tags (#15)
logzio/jaeger-logzio: README.md

Then navigate to http://localhost:8080 .

### Changelog

>  - v1.0.0 - **Braking Changes**
>     - Search traces by tags support
>     - Use static Jaeger components version (1.18)
>         - Since tchannel has been deprecated in version 1.16, when running standalone Jaeger agent, use grpc reporter protocol - see "Run Jaeger agent"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - v1.0.0 - **Braking Changes**
    - Support for searching traces by tags is affected by the introduction of new tags.
    - Use of static Jaeger components version (1.18)
        - Since the deprecation of TChannel in version 1.16, it is necessary to use gRPC reporter protocol when running a standalone Jaeger agent. - see "Run Jaeger agent"
```
